Mayday Mayday this is alpha squad soon
get in there kill every last look we're
all hurt in here man I don't need you
for fucking nursery please response
anything don't you fucking speak man
ain't go see jason said Jacob that you
yes sir the new son took down the
patricide grand a lot of the defenses in
the city are down but we don't know for
how long secure ground zero of the crash
site and await orders understood how
foul
whoa don't shoot who the fuck are you
private Richards my fire teams are now
post nearby been scouting around
avoiding hate Patrol hey what is this
shit I don't know I was gonna check it
out when you Cowboys arrive what I'm
gonna get this thing back to the outpost
and leave you guys to your business I
don't think so Sam taking it so it take
the high ground we go out on foot
whatever
we salvaged a cookie in the neck so
skeleton in a blessing to ground zero we
are heading your way to Memphis and
evacuate survivors
okay baby
fun all right let's saddle them up
slaughter the fuck ahead
we need those tanks
you